# PUCA-Pollution-Under-Control-Certificate-Authentication-
 The objective of this project is to validate the document issued by the Regional Transport Offices (RTO)  of Government of India. This Algorithm helps in solving the problem of spoofing the authority and  regulates the system smoothly, efficiently and more accurately.  This Algorithm is designed using Python, Computer Vison and its inbuilt modules. Let’s discuss this  project further in brief.  A few years ago, the creation of the software and hardware image processing systems was mainly  limited to the development of the user interface, which most of the programmers of each firm were  engaged in. The situation has been significantly changed with the advent of the Windows operating  system when the majority of the developers switched to solving the problems of image processing itself.  However, this has not yet led to the cardinal progress in solving typical tasks of recognizing faces, car  numbers, road signs, analyzing remote and medical images, etc. Each of these "eternal" problems is  solved by trial and error by the efforts of numerous groups of the engineers and scientists. As modern  technical solutions are turn out to be excessively expensive, the task of automating the creation of the  software tools for solving intellectual problems is formulated and intensively solved abroad. In the field  of image processing, the required tool kit should be supporting the analysis and recognition of images  of previously unknown content and ensure the effective development of applications by ordinary  programmers. Just as the Windows toolkit supports the creation of interfaces for solving various applied  problems. Object recognition is to describe a collection of related computer vision tasks that involve activities like  identifying objects in digital photographs. Image classification involves activities such as predicting the  class of one object in an image. Object localization is referring to identifying the location of one or  more objects in an image and drawing an abounding box around their extent. Object detection does the  work of combines these two tasks and localizes and classifies one or more objects in an image. When a  user or practitioner refers to the term “object recognition “, they often mean “object detection “. It may  be challenging for beginners to distinguish between different related computer vision tasks. So, we can distinguish between these three computer vision tasks with this example: Image Classification: This is done by Predict the type or class of an object in an image. Input: An image which consists of a single object, such as a photograph. Output: A class label (e.g., one or more integers that are mapped to class labels). Object Localization: This is done through, Locate the presence of objects in an image and indicate their  location with a bounding box
